Update site-recovery-deployment-planner.md (#91116)
Azure/azure-content: articles/site-recovery/site-recovery-deployment-planner.md

The tool is packaged in a .zip folder. The current version of the tool supports only the VMware to Azure scenario.

2. Copy the .zip folder to the Windows server from which you want to run the tool.

> You can run the tool from Windows Server 2012 R2 if the server has network access to connect to the vCenter Server/vSphere ESXi host that holds the VMs to be profiled. However, we recommend that you run the tool on a server whose hardware configuration meets the [configuration server sizing guidelines](site-recovery-plan-capacity-vmware.md#size-recommendations-for-the-configuration-server). If you already deployed Site Recovery components on-premises, run the tool from the configuration server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can run the tool from Windows Server 2012 R2 if the server has network access to connect to the vCenter Server/vSphere ESXi host that holds the VMs to be profiled. However, we recommend that you run the tool on a server whose hardware configuration meets the [configuration server sizing guidelines](site-recovery-plan-capacity-vmware.md#size-recommendations-for-the-configuration-server-and-inbuilt-process-server). If you already deployed Site Recovery components on-premises, run the tool from the configuration server.
```
Fixing anchor

> You can run the tool from Windows Server 2012 R2 if the server has network access to connect to the vCenter Server/vSphere ESXi host that holds the VMs to be profiled. However, we recommend that you run the tool on a server whose hardware configuration meets the [configuration server sizing guidelines](/en-in/azure/site-recovery/site-recovery-plan-capacity-vmware#size-recommendations-for-the-configuration-server). If you already deployed Site Recovery components on-premises, run the tool from the configuration server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can run the tool from Windows Server 2012 R2 if the server has network access to connect to the vCenter Server/vSphere ESXi host that holds the VMs to be profiled. However, we recommend that you run the tool on a server whose hardware configuration meets the [configuration server sizing guidelines](site-recovery-plan-capacity-vmware.md#size-recommendations-for-the-configuration-server). If you already deployed Site Recovery components on-premises, run the tool from the configuration server.
```
Fixing broken link
